['##mation of the contemplated transactions or result in a liability of the acquired companies or buyer. section 4. 06 no brokers. except as disclosed in schedule 4. 06, such seller has no liability that is or expected to be borne by any acquired company or the buyer to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the contemplated transactions, and such seller agrees to satisfy in full any liability required to be disclosed on schedule 4. 06. article v representations and warranties of the buyer. the buyer represents and warrants to the sellers that : section 5. 01 organization. the buyer is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization.',
 '......... 38 article iv individual representations and warranties of the sellers...................................................................................................................................... 38 section 4. 01 organization................................................................................................',
 '##crow agreement and exercise any and all rights that the sellers or the sellers ’ representative are permitted or required to do or exercise under this agreement or the escrow agreement. ( b ) liability. the sellers ’ representative shall not be held liable by any of the sellers for actions or omissions in exercising or failing to exercise all or any of the power a nd authority of the sellers ’ representative pursuant to this agreement, except in the case of the sellers ’ representative ’ s gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. the sellers ’ representative shall be entitled to rely on the advice of counsel, public accountants or other independent experts that it reasonably determines to be experienced in the matter at issue, and will not be liable to any seller for any action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith based on such advice. each seller will severally ( and not jointly ) indemnify ( in accordance with its pro',
 'generally available to, or known by, the public ( other than as a result of disclosure in violation hereof by such seller ), ( ii ) independently developed without reference to such information or ( iii ) provided by a third party not known to such seller to be under an obligation of confidentiality with respect to such information ; provided, further, that the provisions of this section 6. 05 ( a ) will not prohibit any retention of copies of records or disclosure ( a ) required by any applicable legal requirement so long as reasonable prior notice is given to parent and the company of such disclosure and a reasonable opportunity is afforded parent and the company to contest the same, ( b ) made to the seller ’ s legal and / or financial advisors, or ( c ) made in connection with the enforcement of any right or remedy relating to this agreement or the contemplated transactions. each seller agrees that it shall be responsible for any breach or violation of the provisions of this section 6. 05 ( a ) by any of its affiliates or its or its affiliates ’ representatives. ( b ) notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the parties hereto and their respective representatives may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the tax treatment and tax structure of the contemplated transactions and all materials of',
 'vii ) events, changes, facts, conditions, circumstances or occurrences resulting from the announcement, pendency or the existence of, or compliance ( other than compliance with the obligation to operate in the ordinary course of business ) with, this agreement and the contemplated transactions ( provided that this clause ( viii ) shall not diminish the effect of, and shall be disregarded for purposes of, the representations and warranties contained in sections 3. 03, 3. 04, 4. 03 and 4. 04 and any other representations and warranties relating to required consents or approvals, change in control provisions or similar provisions granting rights of acceleration, termination, modification or waiver based upon the entering into of this agreement or the consummation of the contemplated transactions ). “ off - the - shelf softwa re ” means generally available commercial software obtained from a third party on general commercial terms that ( i ) continues to be widely available on such commercial terms as of the closing date, ( ii ) involves license, maintenance, support, and other fees less than $ [ ● ] per year in the aggregate, ( iii ) is not material to the business, ( iv ) is not distributed with, incorporated in, or necessary for use of, any product or service of an acquired',
 '- 51 - 112923184 _ 5 ( a ) assuming the taking of all necessary action by ( including the obtaining of each necessary authorization, consent or approval ) or in respect of, and the making of all filings with, governmental authorities, in each case, as disclosed on schedule 4. 03, violate any provision of any legal requirement applicable to such seller ; or ( b ) conflict with or result in a breach or violation of, or constitute a default ( or an event which, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default ) under, or result in termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right of termination or acceleration under, or require any action by ( including any authorization, consent or approval ) or notice to any person, or result in the creation of any encumbrance upon any shares, options or warrants of such seller under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of ( i ) any government order applicable to or otherwise affecting such seller or its assets or properties, ( ii ) any material contractual obligation of such seller, or ( iii ) the organizational documents of such seller ( if such seller is not an individual ). section 4. 05 title. such seller is the record and',
 "practice for purposes of this agreement. in no event will the listing of any item or matter in any schedule be deemed or interpreted to broaden or otherwise amplify the representations, warranties, covenants, or agreements contained in this agreement. summaries or descriptions of contracts or other documents contained in the schedules are qualified in their entirely by the contracts or documents themselves. section 11. 14 legal counsel ; consent and waiver. in any dispute or action arising out of or relating to this agreement in connection with the contemplated transactions following the closing, the sellers will have the right, at its election, to retain naschitz, brandes, amir & co. ( “ nba ” ) to represent it in such dispute or action arising out of or relating to this agreement or, even if such representation is adverse to buyer, the acquired companies or its affiliates. buyer, for itself, the acquired companies and its and their affiliates, and for its, the acquired companies ’ and its affiliates'respective successors and assigns, hereby ( a ) consents to any such representation in any such dispute or action arising out of or relating to this agreement or in connection with the contemplated transactions and ( b ) waives any actual or potential conflict arising from any such representation, regardless of the",
 'that is valid and enforceable and that comes closest to expressing the intention of the invalid or unenforceable term or provision, and this agreement will be enforceable as so modified after the expiration of the time within which the judgment may be appealed. further, each seller agrees that, ( i ) were such seller to breach any of the covenants contained in this section 6. 08, the damage to the buyer and the acquired companies may be irreparable, ( ii ) the buyer, in addition to any other remedies available to it, shall be entitled to seek preliminary and permanent injunctive relief against any breach or threatened breach by such seller of any such covenants togeth er with an award of its reasonable attorneys ’ fees incurred in enforcing its rights hereunder, ( iii ) the restricted period applicable to a seller shall be tolled, and shall not run, during the period of any breach by such seller of this section 6. 08, and ( iv ) no breach of any provision of this agreement shall operate to extinguish a seller ’ s obligation to comply with this section 6. 05. section 6. 09 d & o tail. ( a ) from and after the closing date, buyer shall cause the acquired companies to fulfill',
 'against whom the waiver is to be effective. no waiver by any party of any breach or violation of, default under or inaccuracy in any representation, warrant y or covenant hereunder, whether intentional or not, will be deemed to extend to any prior or subsequent breach or violation of, default under, or inaccuracy in, any such representation, warranty or covenant hereunder or affect in any way any rights arising by virtue of any prior or subsequent such occurrence. no delay or omission on the part of any party in exercising an y right, power or remedy under this agreement will operate as a waiver thereof.',
 '##ourse against the other party or any of its affiliates or its or their respective representatives with respect to such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements. the covenants and agreements contained in this agreement that are to be performed after the closing will survive the closing in accordance with their terms. notwithstanding anything in this agreement ( including in this section 10. 01 or section 10. 02 ) or otherwise to the contrary, nothing will limit or reduce buyer ’ s ability to make claims or recover or receive any remedy from any person with re spect to claims arising from fraud committed by such person. section 10. 02 recourse limitations. ( a ) other than claims arising from fraud committed by the person, no director, officer, employee, incorporator, manager, member, partner, stockholder, shareholder, affiliate, 20 note to draft : subject to finalization of transaction structure.']